a punctured tire a man was driving his
car
all the way from new york to boston only
at the end of the trip did he discover
that one of his car's tires had been
punctured from the very beginning
still he managed to reach his
destination successfully
and his journey wasn't affected by this
problem how is it possible
[Music]
the punctured tire was the spare one
a tricky ploy a big company director
returned from lunch and discovered that
his safe had been broken into
and all the money had been taken from it
inside he saw a note
don't even consider calling the police
well the man did exactly the opposite he
called the police
and told them he suspected that his
half-brother david was to blame
one of the police officers visited david
and asked him several questions
but the man showed the detective his
right arm which was in a cast
look i broke my arm just a couple of
days ago i couldn't get into my
brother's office or write a note
the police officer had nothing to do but
leave he decided to have lunch in a cafe
across the road from david's apartment
half an hour later the detective noticed
the man leaving home
at that very moment the detective
realized that the brother was guilty
after all
and rushed to arrest him how did he
understand
the police officer noticed that while
leaving the apartment
david had the cast not on his right but
on his left arm
is he smart enough one day a cute new
guy
tom joined katie's class all her
classmates had a crush on him and he
clearly knew about his popularity
but whatever they did tom didn't pay
attention to any of their signs of
affection
and his eyes were only for katie she
also liked him a lot but she wanted to
make sure he wasn't just
cute but smart too so once when they
stayed alone in the classroom
katie walked up to the white board took
the marker and wrote 128
square root sign e 980. tom looked at it
for a few seconds and then smiled
and katie knew he cracked her riddle can
you
[Music]
mathematically this riddle doesn't make
any sense but if you wipe the upper half
of the whole expression
you'll get i love you takes a bit of wit
huh
a fired manager mark jim and bob work as
managers in the same office
one day one of them is fired and one
gets a promotion
the remaining manager wants to resign at
first but then
changes his mind you know that the one
who's fired is
older than the rest and single jim's
younger than the manager who has decided
to stay at work
and he doesn't know bob's wife who's
fired
it's not jim because he's younger than
the manager who stays
it's also not bob because he's married
it means that mark has been fired
jim has got a promotion and bob has
decided to stay in his position
an antique dealer's riddle david was a
famous antique dealer in his town but
there were loads of people who envied
him
the man had a young beautiful daughter
lisa one evening when the antiquarian
was busy in his workshop
his phone rang a man told him that they
had david's daughter
if he wanted to see her again he had to
give his jewelry collection to a man
waiting at the doors it wasn't the first
time someone was threatening david
that's why he requested to talk to his
daughter he asked her just one
question i have two hands but i can't
scratch myself
what am i when david heard no answer he
said
it's not my daughter and hung up what's
the answer to this riddle
lisa would know that her father was
talking about a clock
a driver's problem a man was driving
along a countryside road when one of his
car tires burst
while changing it he accidentally lost
all four wheel nuts
the road was deserted and the driver was
afraid he'd have to spend many
hours waiting for someone who could give
him a hand but a kid
passing by his vehicle said something
that helped the man solve his problem
what advice did the child give the
driver
the kid told the man to remove one nut
from each of the remaining wheels and
use them to secure the new tire
this way the man could get to the
nearest service station
notorious shoplifters detectives had
been trying to catch two
infamous shoplifters for several years
and finally
after another case they managed to
capture one of the culprits
police officers were interrogating him
for two days
but he said nothing about the goods and
money they'd taken or his accomplices
whereabouts
still in the next 24 hours the
detectives managed to find the place
where the stuff was hidden
it was a small house in the suburbs in
its basement there was a man who seemed
very excited to see the police
he said he had been trapped in the house
already for a week
nobody visited him and he was starting
to run out of food
that's why he was so happy to read the
good news in the paper
the police officers immediately realized
it was the accomplice they'd been
looking for
how
if he was trapped in the basement how
could he get a hold of fresh newspapers
two buckets you have two buckets of
water
in the first bucket the water is heated
up to 100 degrees fahrenheit
in the second bucket the water is cooled
down to minus 100 degrees
you need to simultaneously drop two
coins into the buckets
which coin will reach the bottom faster
the coin thrown into the warm water the
other won't sink at all because the
water in the bucket
is frozen let it go
important documents john the director of
a big company
managed to persuade his partners to sign
a super important agreement
he then put this document into a folder
and left it on the table
in his private office when he returned
to work the next morning the folder was
gone
surprise surprise john gathered all the
employees who were in the office at that
time
and questioned them the cleaning lady
said she had been busy washing the floor
and hadn't paid attention to anything
around the designer explained
he hadn't left his working place even
once what's more
being an artist he didn't have any
interest in agreement documents
the accountant admitted that he had
entered john's office to have some
documents signed
but once he noticed there was no one
inside he immediately left
who took the folder with the agreement
it was the designer otherwise how would
he know that the missing folder
had an agreement inside
sox puzzle matthew wears either only
black or
only white socks one evening he's in a
hurry
getting ready for a romantic dinner with
his girlfriend
suddenly the power goes out the guy has
10 white and 10 black socks in his
drawer
but all of them are mixed if it's
completely dark in the room and matthew
can't see anything
how many socks must he pull out of the
drawer to get
two matching ones
just three in a set of three socks he's
bound to have
two socks of the same color a smart
teacher
one day a teacher decided to give her
students a test
but all of them refused to take it she
could give detention for skipping the
test to
only one student all of them knew each
other's names
if a student knew they were going to get
detention they agreed to take the test
how could the teacher make all the
students participate
she told them that she'd give detention
to the student whose name
came first alphabetically then this
person wouldn't skip the test
the next person on the list wouldn't
skip as well and so on
until the end of the list hidden
treasure
martha really loved her little sister
mary but once
she had to go away for the whole day she
didn't want mary to miss her too much or
get bored
that's why she organized a treasure hunt
for the girl
before martha left she gave her little
sister a map
she told the girl if she followed the
instructions she'd find
a real treasure mary followed the map to
a tee
she made the exact number of steps and
turned it all the right spots
she eventually got to the end and
started digging the little girl
dug and dug but still found nothing
naturally she was pretty upset
when martha got back she took the map
and almost immediately found the
treasure
how so
[Music]
martha made one major mistake when she
was drawing the map
her steps were a lot bigger than mary's
that's why the younger girl couldn't
find the spot where martha had hidden
the treasure
what happened to prom king soon after
bob became
king on prom night he vanished poof like
that his teachers were looking for him
everywhere
they believed there were three people
who could be behind his disappearance
bob's rival joe said he had been dancing
all night with his girlfriend
and hadn't seen bob bob's classmate
dennis
claimed he hadn't been feeling well so
he spent all night in the lounge
laura bob's secret admirer said she had
been counting the votes for the election
the teachers knew who was behind the
disappearance right away
it was laura bob had already become prom
king
she didn't need to count the votes sam's
birthday
sam is a truly special young lady she
was just 17 the day before yesterday
next year she'll be 20 already what's
her secret
sam's not a time traveler or anything
she was born on december 31st
so if today is january 1st it's correct
to say that she was 17 the day before
yesterday
she turned 18 the next day she'll be 19
on the last day of this year
and next year she'll be 20.